# Swagger generated server

## Overview

This server was generated by the [swagger-codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project. By using the [OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) from a remote server, you can easily generate a server stub.

### Running the server

To run the server, run:

```
npm start
```

To view the Swagger UI interface:

```
open http://localhost:8080/docs
```

This project leverages the mega-awesome [swagger-tools](https://github.com/apigee-127/swagger-tools) middleware which does most all the work.

## Instructions

prism proxy -p 8081 api/openapi.yaml http://localhost:8080/

## Todo

The token response needs to return the user_id associated with the user_name password sent in the request.
The order_number (when creating order) returned in response needs to nbe generated by the system (needs to be user friendly counter, hmmm)

Seed data automatically to docker container db so start with Order. ingredient too complicated.
Throw errors when mess up filters
Make updated_at nullable?
Do the admin panel to figure out the authentication / authorization thing what to do.
Add installing curl instructions and curl basic walkthrough
need to actually document the api in the devportal for them?
Two non course repos they need to clone:
Javascript fetch
Documentation portal
Task: Create postman requests for authentication, get started, code samples, recipes.
Add rate limiting section to openapi section deepdive?
Separate notes from exercises? Make notes public?
For dev envrionment section, write a starter document in markdown in text editor to view it.
Docs as code CI-CD to setup dev section
Combine all repos into one repo -- api-documentation-mastery-course


Update examples based on API flows -- make this something they do as well.

Add default value as empty for a lot of those query params:
default: ""

## Organize

Cursor pagination feature:

```
{
  "_embedded": {
    "transfers": [...] // The list of resources
  },
  "_links": {...},
  "page" : {
    "limit" : 10,
    "next_cursor" : "TRnasXQ5AmjsLnPMwnme7TL4"
  }
}
```

```
FORWARD
curl "https://finix.sandbox-payments-api.com/transfers?limit=10&after_cursor=TRnasXQ5AmjsLnPMwnme7TL4" \
  -H "Finix-Version: 2022-02-01" \
  -u USsRhsHYZGBPnQw8CByJyEQW:8a14c2f9-d94b-4c72-8f5c-a62908e5b30e

BACKWARD:
curl "https://finix.sandbox-payments-api.com/transfers?limit=10&before_cursor=TRnasXQ5AmjsLnPMwnme7TL4" \
  -H "Finix-Version: 2022-02-01" \
  -u USsRhsHYZGBPnQw8CByJyEQW:8a14c2f9-d94b-4c72-8f5c-a62908e5b30e
```

query params:
Maker them similar to Finix

## futures

Add mock server to openapi server section
Add constraint to password
throw error for timeout (have to throw it on the service level)
make auth login real
Add examples to errors in OpenAPI spec
maybe reject the PUT update if the details are the same: 400 bad request.
Mermaid editor docker container?
Get tablet for drawing concept diagrams
Quizzes software
migrating content using pandoc part of course
have summary sections for each chapter.
Graphql
generating openapi specs from code annotations.
Strategires for contributing openapi informal descriptions
Explain synchronous vs. async?
add reward points to user
redeem points endpoint -- points agailahloe -- redeem , reduce bill
Caching
Regex section

The API needs to support specifying quantity in the order:

```json
{
  "dishes": [
    {
      "dish_id": "692a4a34a46ecf001f35ac6f",
      "quantity": 2
    },
    {
      "dish_id": "692a4a34a46ecf001f35ac6f",
      "quantity": 2
    },
    {
      "dish_id": "692a4a34a46ecf001f35ac6f",
      "quantity": 2
    }
  ]
}
```

React admin app
Mapping api calls to user screens -- exercise: Have them determine what API call is needed to do something in the app.

Include use of headers too

Codepen embedded in docs so show the app screen

## Auth-related

Theres no connection between the Order given name and the user.-- that may come in the future.







